Decisions (#3549)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/decisions/semantics_name.md

Do not encode any semantics into the key names.
All semantic must be in metadata.

Nevertheless, there are guidelines (without any checks in `keySetBaseName`):

- `#` is used to indicate that array numbers follow.
- `®` is used to indicate that some information was encoded in the key name.
  This is usually only needed internally in storage plugins.
- `®elektra` is reserved, key names should not start with that sequence.

There are, however, rules and conventions which syntax to use for specific semantics.
The `spec` plugin guards these rules.

## Rationale

- for consistency, whenever possible, meta-data should be preferred
- no escaping of key base names necessary
- it is very unlikely that the 9-byte UTF-8 sequence `®elektra` collides with a real key base name
  a user wanted to have
- `®elektra` makes very clear that there is a special reserved meaning

> 

Author: I added this information in c8f6a0a30c6183e52cbcd2bce626052de7e33a48

Do not encode any semantics into the key names.
All semantic must be in metadata.

Nevertheless, there are guidelines (without any checks in `keySetBaseName`):

- `#` is used to indicate that array numbers follow.
- `®` is used to indicate that some information was encoded in the key name.
  This is usually only needed internally in storage plugins.
- the UTF-8 sequence `®elektra` (i.e. the 9-byte sequence `C2 AE 65 6C 65 6B 74 72 61`) is reserved,

>   key names should not start with that sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  key name parts should not start with that sequence.
```
